Copyleft.next
=============

Copyleft.next is an experimental "-ng"-type version of the GNU General
Public License, version 3. (It is *not* a fork.)  Contributions of
patches, ideas, and criticism are welcome. The goal of this effort is
to develop an improved strong copyleft free software license. Needless
to say, no one should actually *use* a development version of
Copyleft.next as an actual license.

**This is *not* an effort endorsed by the Free Software Foundation or
the GNU Project. This is also *not* an effort associated in any way
with (e.g.) Red Hat, the Software Freedom Conservancy, or any other
corporate entity.** Contributors are expected to participate in their
individual capacity.

All communications with journalists shall be handled by the
Copyleft.next Marketing Committee, which does not exist yet and
probably won't exist for at least another year or three. For the
avoidance of doubt, Simon Phipps is not considered a
journalist. (UPDATE: Bradley Kuhn has been elected to be the
Copyleft.next Marketing Committee, though he may not be aware of it.)

The FSF has asserted copyright in the text of the GNU GPLv3. However,
the FSF has expressly authorized (though discouraged) modified
versions of the GNU GPL, subject to certain conditions:
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.html#ModifyGPL

Every effort shall be made to make this project compatible with all
existing (and future) versions of the GNU GPL, which addresses one of
the FSF's concerns about modified versions of the GNU GPL.

The meta-license from the FSF stated in its FAQ shall be the license
of all versions of the GPL.next license text (to the extent that such
versions retain any copyrightable material from versions of the GNU
GPL in which the FSF has asserted copyright). Based on the FSF FAQ,
that meta-license may be stated as follows:

* Everyone has permission to use terms from any version of the GNU GPL
  (with or without modifications) in creating a new license text,
  without any restriction, other than these requirements: (1) the
  license must be "call[ed] ... by another name"; (2) no existing
  version of a GNU license Preamble may be included; and (3) if the
  instructions-for-use at the end of the GNU GPL are copied or
  adapted, they must be modified "enough to make it clearly different
  in wording and not mention GNU".

All copyrightable materials included in this project, other than any
copied or adapted portions of GNU license texts and except where
otherwise indicated, are dedicated to the public domain to the maximum
extent permitted by applicable law, pursuant to the Creative Commons
CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication (see the file CC0 for
details).

