THIS IS A DRAFT. DO NOT USE AS A LICENSE.

                             copyleft-next

  0. Definitions.

  "License" means the terms defined in this document.

  "You" means any individual or organization exercising rights under
this License.

  "Received Work" means a particular work of authorship made available
to You under this License.

  "Licensor" means the individual(s), entity or entities that grant a
license to the Received Work under this License.

  "Licensed Patents" means all Licensable patent claims, whether
already acquired or hereafter acquired, that are necessarily infringed
by making, using, or selling the Received Work, but do not include
claims that would be infringed only as a consequence of further
modification of the Received Work.

  "Licensable" patent claim means a patent claim owned or controlled
by Licensor or as to which Licensor has the right to grant patent
sublicenses under terms consistent with the requirements of this
License.

  "Derived Work" means a work of authorship that copies from,
modifies, adapts, is based on, transforms or translates all or part of
the Received Work such that copyright permission is required, but does
not include (i) the mere making, in isolation, of a verbatim copy of
the entire Work or a subset of it, or (ii) Mere Aggregation.

  "Mere Aggregation" means a collection of a Covered Work with other
separate and independent works on a storage or distribution medium, to
the extent such other works are not by their nature extensions or
enhancements of the Covered Work, unless the license of the collection
would limit a user from exercising rights under this License with
respect to the Covered Work.

  "Covered Work" means either the Received Work or a Derived Work.

  "Source Code" for a work means the preferred form of the work
for making modifications to it.  

  "Object Code" means any form of a work other than Source Code.

  "Corresponding Source" for an Object Code work means all the Source
Code needed to generate, install, and (for an executable work) run the
object code and to modify the work, including scripts to control those
activities.  However, it does not include the work's System Libraries
(as defined below), or general-purpose tools or generally available
free programs which are used unmodified in performing those activities
but which are not part of the work.  For example, Corresponding Source
includes interface definition files associated with source files for
the work, and the Source Code of shared libraries and dynamically
linked subprograms that the work is specifically designed to require,
such as by intimate data communication or control flow between those
subprograms and other parts of the work.

  "System Libraries" of an executable work means any part of the work
that is normally distributed with (i) the major components (kernel,
window system, and so on) of the operating system on which the
executable runs or (ii) a compiler used to produce the executable or
(iii) an object code interpreter used to run the executable.

  "Inbound Contribution" means a work intentionally submitted by You
to Licensor for inclusion in a modified or successor version of the
Received Work.

  "Distribute" means to transfer or make available copies of a work to
others, to the extent such activity requires copyright permission. For
the avoidance of doubt, "Distribution" does not include mere
interaction with a user through a computer network, without any
transfer of a copy of a work to the user.

  "GNU Strong Copyleft License" means (i) the GNU General Public
License, version 2; (ii) the GNU General Public License, version 3;
(iii) the GNU Affero General Public License, version 3; and/or (iv) a
later final version of any of the foregoing licenses, all as
officially released by the Free Software Foundation.

  "Proprietary Terms" means [to be defined].

  1. General Rule of Construction.

  This License shall be interpreted in a manner that promotes the
freedom of all users to use, share and change free software. 

  2. Basic Permissions.

  Subject to the terms of this License, Licensor hereby grants You:

  (a) a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to
make, copy, Distribute, publicly perform and publicly display Covered
Works, in any medium; and

  (b) a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under
Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import and
otherwise transfer the Received Work, in any medium.

  The grants above are perpetual except to the extent Your rights
under this License are terminated in accordance with section 7.

  For the avoidance of doubt, You may charge any fee for Distributing
Covered Works and providing services relating to Covered Works.

  This License is not intended to exclude or limit (i) any rights You
have under applicable copyright doctrines of fair use, fair dealing or
other equivalents, and (ii) any implied license or other defense to
infringement that may otherwise be available to You under applicable
patent law.

  3. Trademarks.

  This License does not grant any rights in the trademarks, service
marks, or logos of Licensor.

  4. Anti-Circumvention Law.

  No Covered Work shall be deemed part of an effective technological
measure under any applicable law fulfilling obligations under article
11 of the WIPO copyright treaty adopted on 20 December 1996, or
similar laws prohibiting or restricting circumvention of such
measures.

  When You distribute a Covered Work, You waive any legal power to forbid
circumvention of technological measures to the extent such circumvention
is effected by exercising rights under this License with respect to
the Covered Work, and You disclaim any intention to limit operation or
modification of the work as a means of enforcing, against the work's
users, Your or third parties' legal rights to forbid circumvention of
technological measures.

  5. Inbound = Outbound.

  Any Inbound Contribution shall be under this License, without any
additional terms or conditions, unless you explicitly indicate
otherwise at the time You submit the Inbound Contribution.

  6. Distribution: General.

  You may Distribute a Covered Work, provided that You meet all of
these conditions:

  a) Keep intact all copyright notices, textual author attributions,
     license notices, and warranty disclaimers contained in the
     Received Work (in the case of a Derived Work, to the extent such
     notices remain pertinent), and include a copy of this License
     along with the Covered Work or a pointer to a canonical Internet
     address at which a copy of this License is publicly available.

  c) For a Derived Work:

    i) Include prominent notice that the Derived Work is released
        under this License.

   ii) You must license the entire Derived Work, as a whole, under
       this License to anyone who comes into possession of a copy.
       This License will therefore apply to the whole of the Derived
       Work, and all its parts, regardless of how they are
       packaged. However, if Licensor commercially offers a Covered
       Work under Proprietary Terms, this clause c)iii) shall not
       apply to Your Derived Work.

  7. Object Code Distribution.

  You may Distribute a Covered Work in Object Code form, provided that
You also distribute the machine-readable Corresponding Source under
this License, in one of the following ways:

    a) Simultaneous Availability of Corresponding Source:

      i) Distribute the Object Code in a physical product or tangible
         storage medium, accompanied by either a durable physical
         medium customarily used for software interchange that
         contains the Corresponding Source, or notice of a network
         location from which the Corresponding Source can be retrieved
         at no further charge. Or, 

     ii) Distribute the Object Code from a network location
         accompanied by information giving clear directions indicating
         how the Corresponding Source may be obtained from a network
         location at no further charge and in a reasonably equivalent
         manner.

    b) Offer for Source: Distribute the Object Code accompanied by a
       written offer, valid for at least three years and (where the
       Object Code is Distributed in a physical product) valid for as
       long as You offer spare parts or customer support for that
       product model, to give any third party a copy of the
       Corresponding Source either (1) on a durable physical medium
       customarily used for software interchange, for a price no more
       than Your reasonable cost of performing this Distribution of
       Corresponding Source, or (2) from a network server at no
       charge.

  8. Termination.

  If You fail to comply with this License, Your rights under this
License are automatically terminated, except that to the extent that
the right to make copies necessarily incident to running Covered Works
shall never be terminated.

  However, if You cure such failure within a reasonable time period
after becoming aware of such noncompliance, then Your rights are
reinstated.

  Termination of Your rights under this section does not terminate the
rights of those who have received copies or rights from You subject to
this License.

  Termination of Your rights disqualifies You from receiving new
licenses for the same material under section 9, unless and until Your
rights are reinstated in accordance with this section.

  9. Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.

  Each time You Distribute a Covered Work, the recipient automatically
receives from Licensor a license to the Received Work subject to this
License.

 10. No Further Restrictions; Inbound License Compatibility.

  You may not impose any further restrictions on the exercise of the
rights granted or affirmed under this License. 

  Further restrictions include, without limitation, initiation of
litigation (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
alleging that any patent claim is infringed by making, using, selling,
offering for sale, or importing the Received Work or any portion of
it.

  For the avoidance of doubt, Distribution of a Covered Work
incorporating material covered by the following free software licenses
is not imposition of a "further restriction". This list of licenses is
illustrative rather than exhaustive and is meant to guide general
interpretation of the initial clause of this section: 
    i) Apache License 2.0 as published by the Apache
Software Foundation 
   ii) MIT License, version at http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
  iii) 3-clause BSD License, version at http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause

  If a license document contains a further restriction but permits
relicensing or Distributing under this License, You may add to a
Covered Work material governed by the terms of that license document,
provided that the further restriction does not survive such
relicensing or Distributing.

  11. Liberty or Death; Third-Party Patent Licenses.

  If conditions are imposed on You (whether by court order, agreement
or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do
not excuse You from the conditions of this License.  If You cannot
Distribute a Covered Work in a way that would satisfy simultaneously
Your requirements under this License and any pertinent obligations
extrinsic to this License, then as a consequence You may not
Distribute it at all.  

  For example, if You agree to terms that obligate You to collect a
royalty for further Distribution from those to whom You Distribute
Covered Works, the only way You could satisfy both those terms and
this License would be to refrain entirely from Distributing Covered
Works.

  12. Outbound Compatibility with GNU Strong Copyleft Licenses.

  Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, You have
permission to relicense any Covered Work under the terms of any
version of a GNU Strong Copyleft License. No condition of this License
that would conflict with the chosen GNU Strong Copyleft License shall
survive such relicensing.

  13. New Versions of this License.

  The initial License Steward is the Copyleft Next Group. The License
Steward may publish new versions of copyleft-next.  Each version will
be given a distinguishing version number. You may distribute a Covered
Work under the terms of the version of copyleft-next under which the
Received Work is licensed, or under the terms of a newer version
published by the License Steward.

  14. No Warranty.

  To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Received Work is
provided on an "as is" basis, without warranty of any kind, either
express, implied, or statutory, including, without limitation,
warranties of title, noninfringement, merchantability, or fitness for
a particular purpose. You assume the entire risk associated with Your
exercise of permissions under this License, including but not limited
to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable
laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and
unavailability or interruption of operations. This disclaimer of
warranty constitutes an essential part of this License.

  15. Limitation of Liability.

  Unless required by applicable law, neither Licensor nor any
Distributor shall be liable to You for damages, including any direct,
indirect, general, special, incidental or consequential damages
(including, without limitation, lost profits), howeer caused and on
any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or
tort (including negligence or otherwise), arising in any way out of
the use or inability to use, or Distribution of Covered Works or the
exercise of any rights granted under this License or out of the use or
inability to use the Received Work (including but not limited to: loss
of data or data being rendered inaccurate, failure of the Received
Work to operate with any other programs, loss of goodwill, work
stoppage, other failure or malfunction, or any and all other
commercial damages or losses), even if Licensor or any Distributor has
been advised of the possibility of such damages.

  16. Severability.

  If any provision of this License is invalid or unenforceable under
applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
the remainder of this License, and reviewing courts shall reform such
provision to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid
and enforceable.

